1.justify-content:controls alignment of all items on the main axis.
2.align-items — controls alignment of all items on the cross axis.
3.gap, column-gap, and row-gap — used to create gaps or gutters between flex items.
Early versions of the specification called this property grid-gap, and to maintain compatibility with legacy websites, browsers will still accept grid-gap as an alias for gap.
4.fix direction- Note that the values row and row-reverse are affected by the directionality of the flex container. If its dir attribute is ltr, row represents the horizontal axis oriented from the left to the right, and row-reverse from the right to the left; if the dir attribute is rtl, row represents the axis oriented from the right to the left, and row-reverse from the left to the right.
row:
The flex container's main-axis is defined to be the same as the text direction. The main-start and main-end points are the same as the content direction.

row-reverse:
Behaves the same as row but the main-start and main-end points are opposite to the content direction.

column:
The flex container's main-axis is the same as the block-axis. The main-start and main-end points are the same as the before and after points of the writing-mode.

column-reverse:
Behaves the same as column but the main-start and main-end are opposite to the content direction.

5.flex-wrap- The flex-wrap CSS property sets whether flex items are forced onto one line or can wrap onto multiple lines. If wrapping is allowed, it sets the direction that lines are stacked.

nowrap:
The flex items are laid out in a single line which may cause the flex container to overflow. The cross-start is either equivalent to start or before depending on the flex-direction value. This is the default value.

wrap:
The flex items break into multiple lines. The cross-start is either equivalent to start or before depending flex-direction value and the cross-end is the opposite of the specified cross-start.

wrap-reverse:
Behaves the same as wrap but cross-start and cross-end are permuted.